CONTROLS
It's mostly a point-and-click game.
Right-click to deselect an action.
You can click on the scold toggle to... well... toggle it. You can also press
the space bar to toggle it.

PLAYING BALL OR SUMO: CAUTION!
If the yukkuri have significant differences in reflexes and the stronger one is
dumb, they aren't smart enough to hold back and avoid accidentally killing
their opponent. I recommend separating yukkuri trying to play those games unless
they're intelligent and/or close in reflexes. I need to test more to find out
how durability plays into this and if yukkuri only need a reflex difference to
accidentally kill each other.

SCOLDING
The scold toggle is currently in Japanese. If you see する, the scold toggle is
set to ON. If you instead see しない, it is set to OFF.
If an action is selected and the scold toggle text is white, performing the
action will have a scolding effect if you set the toggle to ON. If the scold
toggle text is gray, regardless of whether the toggle is ON or OFF the action
ill not have a scolding effect.
If no action is selected and the scold toggle is ON, clicking a yukkuri verbally
scolds it.

Not everything is a scold target. Yukkuri will protest if you scold them for
doing nothing wrong. However, dumb yukkuri might protest as if you scolded them
unjustly even if they were doing something wrong. I'm not sure about extremely
intelligent scum yukkuri. I'll test that someday and update this manual with
what I find. The lists I wrote below are incomplete.

Scold targets include:
Fighting each other ("Marisa will punish!"-type fighting, not playing sumo)
Starting to eat when other yukkuri are still approaching the food dish
Asking for sweet-sweets after you feed them
Pooping outside a toilet IF there is a toilet in the yukkurarium
Refusing to do arithmetic or reading
Refusing to hunt IF their refuse reason isn't because they're full

Things you might think would be scold targets but aren't:
When they turn around and wave their butt/hips in the air
Pooping outside a toilet when there's no toilet in the yukkurarium
Refusing to hunt when they're full
Winning sumo or a ball game (the loser ALWAYS cries)
Saying food is gross (not sure if refusing to eat it is scoldable)
Puffing at their poop
Puffing at "mister caterpillar" (the yellow food for doing hunting practice)
Puffing in certain circumstances I don't quite remember

GAME SPEED
When set to slow, 1 in-game minute passes per real-life second.
When set to normal, 1 in-game minute passes for every 6 real-life seconds.
When set to slow, 1 in-game minute passes when a 1 real-life minute passes.

BACKGROUND PROCESSING
Turning it off may speed up game performance.

TRAINING: READING
If the gauge at the top is not empty, click to make the yukkuri speed up for a
fixed amount of time. When it is empty, clicking will no longer have an effect
on the yukkuri.

TRAINING: ARITHMETIC
Click when the gauge is full (the bar inside will turn yellow) to have the
yukkuri tell you the next number in the sequence. Here's a tip: the gauge is
called "biorhythm" for a reason.

BONUSES
Want your yukkuri to be nicer, smarter, and more affectionate, but faster? Earn
achievements, they boost the effects of your scolding and training, and any
actions you take that would make your yukkuri like you more are more effective.
ou are always able to toggle your earned bonuses on or off, so you can switch
between playing with and without them at your leisure.

WHY ISN'T MY AROUSED ALICE RAPING OTHER YUKKURI?
If the Alice is acting like any other aroused yukkuri, just wait. Alice will
eventually face forward with a sad expression, say a line of dialogue, and then
she will attempt rape.
I'm not sure what the conditions are for this one, but some yukkuri will ask an
aroused Alice to rub-rub with them with the intention of refreshing right
afterwards. Alice accepts the consensual rub-rub and refresh, and exits the
arousal state.
I still have to test if non-scum Alices will rape, if Alices will rape after
all arousal methods and not just Viyugra, if married Alices will only try to
rape their partner and nobody else, if married Alices' partners always ask her
for a rub-rub leading into refreshing before she can enter rape mode, if married
Alices will rape at all and if so under which conditions, and if other yukkuri
will rape, too. I also need to test if she or any other yukkuri will use a
Reimu doll to rut against.

ON CONFISCATING AND REPLACING ACCESSORIES
Hide adult Reimu's accessory. Let's call this Reimu "Reimyu" for ease of
reference. Then, hold a different adult Reimu's accessory. Let's call that
adult Reimu "Reimu." Reimyu will not run after Reimu's accessory. If you try to
manually put Reimu's accessory on Reimyu, the accessory will drop to the ground
as if you were just holding it in the air. Yukkuri recognize their own
accessory, and will not try to steal another yukkuri's accessory, no matter how
stupid and/or scummy they are. The only time you will see multiple yukkuri
pursuing the same accessory is when you have hidden their accessories and
used the menu to put one accessory (of the correct type and age! The situation
mentioned above with Reimyu not reacting whatsoever to Reimu's accessory also
happens if you try to put a koReimu ribbon on an adult Reimu, or a koMarisa hat
on a koAlice. Also, Shell Marisa does not accept regular Marisa accessories and
vice versa).

You cannot use the menu to place more than one koyukkuri accessory and one
adult yukkuri accessory at the same time. So, you can place a koReimu ribbon
and an adult Reimu ribbon, but not a koReimu ribbon and a koMarisa ribbon, or
two koReimu ribbons. You must either put it away (use "Hide accessory") or
wait for an accessoryless yukkuri of the right type and age to put it on.

ON MISIDENTIFICATION

In addition to the normal method of making a yukkuri mistake you for her parent,
throwing away her parent will make it possible for her to misidentify you as her
parent. Even if she was just interacting with her parent and/or has her
intelligence stat maxed out. I will have to test if this works when she has
two parents alive rather than one, and if you have to throw out both to make her
think you're mommy/daddy. I will also have to test this with yukkuri who know
they are orphans, and then get themselves adopted by another yukkuri. 

MISCELLANEOUS INFO
Sometimes, doing an action to one yukkuri will also do it to overlapping
yukkuri, or you end up doing it to a different yukkuri than the intended one.
A potential way around this is clicking the label or number above the yukkuri's
head instead of their sprite.

Autosave saves every 5 minutes.